Add article describing the delayed editor initialisation feature (#363)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/features/delayed_creation/README.md

### Callback approach

- Requires additional configuration and good understanding when editor should be initialized.
- Creation function can be used at any time which gives grater flexibility..
- Because of invocation on demand, we need to wait only for creation time. No additional delays or unnecessary checks. However, additional logic needs to be implemented and binded to every place that could show the editor.

## Getting editor reference

There might be cases when you create editor and assign it to a variable. It is a common example in the entire documentation:

```js
var editor = CKEDITOR.replace( targetElement );
```

With this feature enabled and detached target element the variable value will not contain editor instance  (regardless of interval or callback method).

```js
var editor = CKEDITOR.replace( targetElement, {
	delayIfDetached: true
} );

console.log( editor ); // -> null
```

You can get an instance in different ways, depending on used options:

### Interval approach
```js
var editor = CKEDITOR.instances[ 'editorName' ];

> ```

Reviewer: I would mention here that getting editor ref should be done on `instanceReady` event. Because when this code is called before editor is created it will fail AFAIR.

Author: Well, you can grab an instance like that, but need to wait for `instanceReady` anyway to use API. Here, I just want to point out that `the old` way of creating an editor may return `null` whereas the object might be returned in the old code.

But, yes - I will mention that :)

---
category: api-usage
order: 60
url: features/delayed_creation
menu-title: Delayed creation

> meta-title-shor: Delayed creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta-title-short: Delayed creation
```
? :thinking:

---
<!--
Copyright (c) 2003-2021, CKSource - Frederico Knabben. All rights reserved.
For licensing, see LICENSE.md.
-->

> # Delayed creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Delayed editor creation
```
?

<info-box info="">This feature was introduced in 4.17.0 and by default it is off. It requires [enabling config option](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached) to worksfor the editor.</info-box>

> It was introduced because there were some issues during editor creation on the element that is detached from the DOM. During the entire process, there is some information extracted from the editor elements document. If the target element is detached, it is simply impossible to access them. This situation may be caused unintentionally by using CKEditor 4 with popular frameworks (e.g. [Angular integration](../guide/dev_angular.html)) which may detach elements that are hidden.

Reviewer: I would start by saying how it works / what it does. So that "it prevents editor creation when parent element is detached from DOM...".

Then maybe a separate section on possible issue it can solve (for example using CKEditor 4 in modals, using with integrations and so on). So the similar description you had already added. This can give broader context and clarity when to use it.

Reviewer: One more thing, apart from using "some" like:

> there were some issues during editor

or

> During the entire process, there is some information extracted from

You may use more specific examples, or even link to GH issues. So it would be better to describe specific cases more precisely or use term like "specific issues", "group of issues", e.g.:

> It was introduced because we have observed a group of issues when editor initialization failed during editor creation on the element that is detached from the DOM.

Author: > You may use more specific examples, or even link to GH issues.

I had doubts about linking to GH issues in documentation. But if you say we can do this... 👍

Author: And finally I decide to manage that inside the doc article ;)

## Two ways to delay creation

> - Enabling [delayIfDetached option](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached) enabled the default interval checks. A check is performed every [amount of time](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached_interval). Whenever a target element is found to be attached to the DOM - the new instance of the editor is created. This is the easiest and fastest way to use this feature. It may be not so efficient to have a running interval operation in the background. There is also a second, more efficient method of usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [delayIfDetached](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached) config option which is enabled by default results in editor element being checked in given intervals. Checks are performed every given amount of time (which can be changed via [delayIfDetached_interval](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached_interval)). Whenever a target element is found to be attached to the DOM - the editor instance is then created. For more advanced usage refer to the `callback` config option described below.
```

> - Additional setting [callback](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached_callback) will turn off the default interval checks. Instead, the callback is invoked with a single argument. This argument is a function that should be invoked to finish editor creation. The advantage here is that it gives full control over the time that the actual creation is performed. A received callback may be stored and used right after attached the target element to the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To have more control over when editor instance will be initialized the [delayIfDetached_callback](../api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-delayIfDetached_callback) config option is provided. When set as `function`, it will be used instead of interval checks and invoked with a single argument. This argument is a function that should be invoked to finish editor creation. The advantage here is that it gives full control over the time that the actual creation is performed. A received callback may be stored and used right after the target element is attached to DOM.
```

## Practical example

Let's have a target element and it is not visible by the user (is detached), but the editor creation was called.

Whenever user clicks the button: The element is visible again.

With the interval checks, depends on the use case, the script may run for so long until the first button use. In the worst case, the button may not be clicked at all. Also, last check may happen milliseconds before user clicks. The default timeout is small enough, that there will be no flickering effect, but still, we need to wait that amount of time and then the creation time.

> With the callback option, we may store the received creation function. Bind to the button onclick and invoke the stored function. Now we need to wait only for creation time. No additional delays or unnecessary checks. However, additional logic needs to be implemented and binded to every place that could show the editor.

Reviewer: Maybe it can be described in form of the list like elements:

> Some intro describing initial situation...
> 1. User clicks a button.
> 1. Editor parent element becomes visible.
> 1. ...

Author: I decided to describe it is a little bit different approach. Pleas take a look at the summary comment:
